Support arithmetric operation in Query parser (#5074)
realm/realm-core: CHANGELOG.md

### Enhancements
* <New feature description> (PR [#????](https://github.com/realm/realm-core/pull/????))

> * Support arithmetric operations in query parser. You can now say something like "(age * 2) + 5 > child.age".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Support arithmetic operations (+, -, *, /) in query parser. You can now query with something like "(age * 2) + 5 > child.age".
```

Reviewer: Please ensure a full description of all features, so it can be documented in the relevant SDKs. Perhaps just an example that shows all possibilities?

Author: I have now enhanced description.
